# July 20 2023

- rot
- summon
- summit
- rotate
- aftermath
- albeit
- archeology
- atom
- transistor
- transcend
- stereotype
- Futile 
- Fuse
- Irrespective
- Cruise
- Irritate
- Mute
- Awe
- Awesome
- Prototype
- Doctrine
- Intimate
- dock
- Levy
- marginal
- scheme

## rot
rotting leaves

## summon
summoner‘s rift

## summit
a summit conference

This path leads to the summit.

## rotate
The earth rotates around the sun.

## aftermath
Many people were homeless in the aftermath of the earthquake.

## albeit
conj.
She is not very tall, albeit she is a great athlete.

## archeology
archaeology

He studied archeology in college.

## atom
hydrogen atom

## transistor
晶体管

## transcend
它通常用于描述超越某种限制或范围，达到更高的层次或境界
His music transcends the time and space

## stereotype
Many people hold stereotypical views of women, believing that they are less capable than men.

## futile
It is futile to try to convince him to change his mind

## fuse
n.保险丝

## irrespective
He will make the decision irrespective of what other people think.

## cruise
a cruise ship
We cruised down the river on a sunny afternoon.
They decided to cruise around the city to see all the famous landmarks.

## irritate
The constant noise from the construction site is starting to irritate the neighbors

## mute
mute
unmute
mute forever

## awe
The beauty of the sunset filled me with awe.
The power and majesty of the mountains filled him with awe.

## awesome
The fireworks display on New Year's Eve was truly awesome

## prototype

## doctrine
The political party's doctrine outlines their beliefs and values.

## intimate
an intimate relationship
He intimated that he was not happy with the decision

## dock
The cargo ship was unloaded at the dock.